Update 6 years old README on fetch/http-cache (#36165)
web-platform-tests/wpt: fetch/http-cache/README.md

## HTTP Caching Tests

These tests cover HTTP-specified behaviours for caches, primarily from
[RFC9111](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9111.html), but as seen through the
lens of Fetch.

A few notes:

* By its nature, [caching is entirely optional](
  https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9111.html#section-2-2);
  some tests expecting a response to be
  cached might fail because the client chose not to cache it, or chose to
  race the cache with a network request.

* Likewise, some tests might fail because there is a separate document-level
  cache that's not well defined; see [this
  issue](https://github.com/whatwg/fetch/issues/354).

* [Partial content tests](partial.any.js) (a.k.a. Range requests) are not specified
  in Fetch; tests are included here for interest only.

* Some browser caches will behave differently when reloading /
  shift-reloading, despite the `cache mode` staying the same.

> * [cache-tests.fyi](https://cache-tests.fyi/) is yet another test suites of http caching
>   which also includes Server/CDN implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [cache-tests.fyi](https://cache-tests.fyi/) is another test suite of HTTP caching
  which also caters to server/CDN implementations.
```
